DBZ-5859 first draft of reactive outbox docs (#4451)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/integrations/outbox.adoc

To see a full end-to-end demo, the https://github.com/debezium/debezium-examples/tree/main/outbox[Outbox] example illustrates two Quarkus microservice applications using the outbox pattern to share data between them when orders are placed or cancelled.

[id=reactive-outbox]
== Reactive Variant

> If your application is making use of Reactive Datasources or Hibernate Reactive, then there are some differences. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application uses reactive datasources, or Hibernate Reactive, you must use a slightly different configuration to add the extension to your application. 
```

> To import the reactive variant, the extension is added as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, use the following configuration to  import the reactive variant of the extension:
```

[source,xml,subs="verbatim,attributes"]
----
<dependency>
  <groupId>io.debezium</groupId>
  <artifactId>debezium-quarkus-outbox-reactive</artifactId>
  <version>{debezium-version}</version>
</dependency>
----

> The extension provides the application with the `io.debezium.outbox.quarkus.ExportedEvent` interface just like in the non reactive variant, but also comes with the `DebeziumOutboxHandler` class which can be injected into your applications and exposes the `persistToOutbox` method. One example invocation is seen below which is using the same `ExportedEvent` as the previous example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reactive extension provides the application with the same `io.debezium.outbox.quarkus.ExportedEvent` interface as the non-reactive variant, but it also provides the `DebeziumOutboxHandler` class.
This class can be injected into your applications and expose the `persistToOutbox` method. 
The following example shows an invocation that uses the same `ExportedEvent` as in the earlier example:
```

Reviewer 2: In effect, @roldanbob, there is a lot of "wiring" required when you're working with reactive modules, and so inside Quarkus you can inject the `DebeziumOutboxHandler` bean into your application, and it provides you directly with a method that allows you to quickly persist the `ExportedEvent` to the outbox table without needing to be concerned about how to wire all the dependencies required to do this.

Reviewer: I made a slight change to my original edit that incorporates information from your comment to improve the clarity of the paragraph.

.OrderService.java
[source,java,indent=0]
----
@ApplicationScoped
public class OrderService {

    @Inject
    DebeziumOutboxHandler debeziumOutboxHandler;

    @Inject
    OrderRepository orderRepository;

    @Inject
    Event<ExportedEvent<?, ?>> event;

    @ReactiveTransactional
    public Uni<Order> addOrder(Order order) {
        return orderRepository.persistAndFlush(order)
        .call(debeziumOutboxHandler.persistToOutbox(new OrderCreatedEvent(Instant.now(), order)));

    }
}
----

[NOTE]
====

> The `persistToOutbox` method returns a Uni, so however you decide to invoke it you must subscribe to the Uni in order to invoke it. More material on Reactive and Mutiny can be found link:https://quarkus.io/guides/mutiny-primer[here]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `persistToOutbox` method returns a Uni, so however you decide to invoke it you must subscribe to the Uni in order to invoke it. 
For more information about using the Mutiny library to build reactive applications, see the link:https://quarkus.io/guides/mutiny-primer[Quarkus Mutiny primer].
```

Reviewer: The part about invoking the `persistToOutbox` method seems a little circular ("invoke it,  ... subscribe to the [returned] Uni ... to invoke it"), but I don't know enough about the subject to make the sentence more clear.

Reviewer: Thanks, @Naros. Your latest change addresses my concerns.
